v0.4.0 Hotfix: Docker documentation updates (#631)
mosaicml/composer: docker/README.md

| ubuntu:20.04 | 1.10.0          | 11.3.1       | 3.9            | `latest`, `mosaicml/pytorch:1.10.0_cu113-python3.9-ubuntu20.04`   |
| ubuntu:20.04 | 1.10.0          | cpu          | 3.9            | `mosaicml/pytorch:1.10.0_cpu-python3.9-ubuntu20.04`               |
| ubuntu:18.04 | 1.9.1           | 11.1.1       | 3.8            | `mosaicml/pytorch:1.9.1_cu111-python3.8-ubuntu18.04`              |
| ubuntu:18.04 | 1.9.1           | cpu          | 3.8            | `mosaicml/pytorch:1.9.1_cpu-python3.8-ubuntu18.04`                |
| ubuntu:20.04 | 1.9.1           | 11.1.1       | 3.8            | `mosaicml/pytorch:1.9.1_cu111-python3.8-ubuntu20.04`              |
| ubuntu:20.04 | 1.9.1           | cpu          | 3.8            | `mosaicml/pytorch:1.9.1_cpu-python3.8-ubuntu20.04`                |
| ubuntu:20.04 | 1.9.1           | 11.1.1       | 3.7            | `mosaicml/pytorch:1.9.1_cu111-python3.7-ubuntu20.04`              |
| ubuntu:20.04 | 1.9.1           | cpu          | 3.7            | `mosaicml/pytorch:1.9.1_cpu-python3.7-ubuntu20.04`                |

> Our `latest` image has Ubuntu 18.04, Python 3.8.0, PyTorch 1.9.0, and CUDA 11.1.1, and has been tested to work with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our `latest` image has Ubuntu 20.04, Python 3.9, PyTorch 1.10, and CUDA 11.3, and has been tested to work with
```
